'Test ID'	 'Specification Revision'	 'Specification Section'	 'Specification Feature'	 'Requirement References'	 'Test Checking Type'	 'Test Implementation Details'	 'Test Name'	 'Test Status'	 'Designer Comments'
	 '3.2'	 '5.5.5.1 Selective Codeword Inversion Rules'	Uninverted code word (Receive)	Move the link into the operational state.  Verify a correctly uninverted code word (Which naturally inversts the resulting disparity) is properly decoded by the device under test.	 'Directed test check/Functional coverage'	"Verify received data is correct.  Verify that the Port N Status CSR does not indicate link errors, and the link is not retrained."	Receve Disparity		
	 '3.2'	 '5.5.5.1 Selective Codeword Inversion Rules'	Inverted codeword (Receive)	Move the link into the operational state.  Verify a codeword which is properly inverted to maintain parity is properly decode upon reception by the device under test.	 'Directed test check/Functional coverage'	"Verify received data is correct.  Verify that the Port N Status CSR does not indicate link errors, and the link is not retrained."	Receve Disparity		
	 '3.2'	 '5.5.5.1 Selective Codeword Inversion Rules'	"Disparity, Scrambled (Receive)"	"Verify that the device under test can correctly receive and decode scrambled codewords with positive and negative disparity, in both the inverted and uninverted case"	 'Directed test check/Functional coverage'	"Verify received data is correct.  Verify that the Port N Status CSR does not indicate link errors, and the link is not retrained."	Receve Disparity		
	 '3.2'	 '5.5.5.1 Selective Codeword Inversion Rules'	"Disparity, Transmit "	"Transmit codewords from the device under test which are inverted and uninverted, scrambled and non-scrambled."	 'Directed test check/Functional coverage'	"Verify the device under test maintains legal running disparity, starting with a disparity of 0.  Verify inverted codewords start with '1' and uninverted with '0'.  Verify all data after decoding is correct.  Verify bits 1,2 of each codeword are never invrerted"	Transmit Disparity.  		
